Component docs updates: Autocomplete, Button, CounterLabel, TextInputWithTokens, all 3 token components (#1737)
primer/react: docs/content/CounterLabel.mdx

---
componentId: counter_label
title: CounterLabel
description: Use the CounterLabel component to add a count to navigational elements and buttons.
status: Alpha
source: https://github.com/primer/react/blob/main/src/CounterLabel.tsx
---

import {ComponentChecklist} from '../src/component-checklist'
import {PropsTable} from '../src/props-table'

## Example

```jsx live
<>
  <CounterLabel>12</CounterLabel>
  <CounterLabel scheme="primary">13</CounterLabel>
  <CounterLabel scheme="secondary">13</CounterLabel>
</>
```

## Props

<PropsTable>
  <PropsTable.Row
    name="scheme"

>     type="String"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    type="''primary' | 'secondary'"
```

>     description="Pass in 'primary' for a darker background and inverse text, or 'gray-light' for a lighter background and primary text. Omitting the scheme prop renders the default counter scheme"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description="Pass in 'primary' for a darker background and inverse text, or 'secondary' for a lighter background and primary text. Omitting the scheme prop renders the default counter scheme"
```
